[Music]
Reuben Tishkoff is coerced by thugs
employed by Willie Bank his former
business partner into signing over his
stake in ownership rights of the new
Hotel Casino they were building on the
Las Vegas Strip Reuben suffers a heart
attack and becomes bedridden Danny ocean
offers Bank a chance to set things right
given his long history in Las Vegas and
the fact that he shook hands with
Sinatra a bank refuses and completes
construction of the Bank renamed since
breaking his deal with Reuben
to avenge Reuben ocean gathers his
partners in crime and plans to ruin Bank
on the opening night of the hotel they
develop a two-fold plan to occur on the
casinos opening night one is to prevent
the bank from winning the prestigious
Five Diamond Award which for of banks
previous hotels at one Saul Blum is
designated to stand in this the
anonymous diamond reviewer while the
real reviewer will be treated horribly
during his stay by ocean and his
associates the second part of the plan
is to rig the casino slot machines
forcing them to pay out more than five
hundred million dollars in winnings by
law Bank would be required to cede
control of the casino to the gambling
board while they can implement various
rigging mechanisms into the casino ocean
and his crew know that there would be
easily stopped by the Greco player
tracker a state-of-the-art computer
system that continuously monitors the
gamblers biometric responses and
predicts when cheating is happening
instead they plan to use a magnetron
disguised as a new cell phone as a gift
to bank to disrupt the Greco they also
obtain the drilling machine used to
borrow the Channel Tunnel to simulate an
earthquake under the casino assuring
that Bank limpa men's safety protocols
to evacuate the casino in case of
another earthquake their plan on opening
night is to have Bank inadvertently
disrupt Greco initiate their rigged
machines and dealers on their payroll
and then simulate the earthquake to
force the evacuation and have players
leave with their winnings as opening
night draws near the drill breaks down
ocean is forced to turn to Terry
Benedict who motion had slighted before
for funds to buy replacement Benedict
who also seeks retribution against Bank
offers the funds for a portion of his
share of the take but demands that ocean
also steal the four sets of diamonds
Bank had bought for his wife after
winning each of the previous Diamond
Awards these are valued over 250 million
dollars and secured in the case at the
top of the Bank ocean has Linus Coldwell
get romantically close to banks assist
Abagail sponder to gain access to the
case secretly benedict contracts
mastered the francois the night fox
tular to intercept the diamonds after
ocean steals them ocean institute's the
file a part of the plan on opening night
by having FBI agents on his pay arrive
at the hotel and publicly arrest
Livingston dal on suspicions of rigging
the cards shuffling machines allowing
them to be replaced with actual rigged
ones under Banks nose another FBI agent
arrests Linus after he switches the
diamonds with fakes the agent takes
Linus away but reveals himself to be his
father Robert Caldwell also in on oceans
plan they tried to evacuate from the
roof but are intercepted by to lure who
takes the diamonds however ocean had
anticipated this and lianas and his
father escaped in a helicopter piloted
by basher tearing the case from the roof
and taking the real diamonds with them
the remainder of oceans plan goes as
expected and as they triggered the
earthquake the players evacuate with
millions of dollars of winnings ocean
approaches a devastated Bank and tells
him they did everything for Rueben ocean
also reminds Bank that he cannot go to
the police due to banks past illegal
activities and that all of banks
associates favor ocean over him with
their share of the winnings oceans crew
buy property on the strip for Reuben to
build his own casino because of his
betrayal ocean donates benedict
seventy-two million dollar portion of
the take to charity in Benedict's name
forcing him to admit his philanthropy on
broadcast television as ocean rusty and
linus prepared to head off at the
airport
rusty triggers one of the rigged
machines there to allow the real diamond
reviewer to win eleven million dollars
as a way to compensate him for how they
treated him
[Music]